Added the user-room token created from admin when we access a room (#1614)
thecodingmachine/workadventure: docs/maps/api-player.md

})
```

### Get the user-room token of the player

```
WA.player.userRoomToken: string;
```

> 
> The user-room token is available from the `WA.player.userRoomToken` property.
> This token is generated in WorkAdventure and contains information such as the player's room ID and its associated membership ID.
> 
> {.alert.alert-warn}
> This token is used when you change your logo using a configured variable.
> Indeed, to change your logo you need to perform an upload in order to get a file URL. This type of actions must be validated on our side.
> If you are using a self-hosted version of WorkAdventure you will not have the possibility to perform actions that depends on the user-room token, unless you create an API that support it.
> 
> {.alert.alert-info}
> You need to wait for the end of the initialization before accessing `WA.player.userRoomToken`
> 
> ```typescript
> WA.onInit().then(() => {
>     console.log('Token: ', WA.player.userRoomToken);
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This token can be used by third party services to authenticate a player and prove that the player is in a given room.

The token is generated by the administration panel linked to WorkAdventure. The token is a string and is depending on your implementation of the administration panel. In WorkAdventure SAAS version, the token is a JWT token that contains information such as the player's room ID and its associated membership ID. If you are using the self-hosted version of WorkAdventure and you developed your own administration panel, the token can be anything. By default, self-hosted versions of WorkAdventure don't come with an administration panel, so the token string will be empty.

The user-room token is available from the `WA.player.userRoomToken` property.

{.alert.alert-info}
A typical use-case for the user-room token is providing logo upload capabilities in a map. The token can be used as a way to authenticate a WorkAdventure player and ensure he is indeed in the map and authorized to upload a logo.

{.alert.alert-info}
You need to wait for the end of the initialization before accessing `WA.player.userRoomToken`

```typescript
WA.onInit().then(() => {
    console.log('Token: ', WA.player.userRoomToken);
})
```
```
